Ares gather
What a feast today!
The old man was fortunate to participate in a true feast
I have no regrets in my life.
This is the ivy banquet held by the Qing army
Who dares not come to worship?
It's an invalid glory.
Even the god of war is no exception
The gods of war have reached the square
What are you talking about now Dongguan
Jianfang, my sister is here
Weren't you arrogant just now?
You continue
I'll see what else you can come up with later
I see.
Who solved it?
Sister, what are you?
What's the hurry?
Red beans are alerted by Lord Qianjun
No, someone stole the goblin and pretended to be the Qing army
Attempt to disrupt the Cheongseong ship
I'm not gesturing
I am afraid that the Qing army will blame it then.
Disrupt the Qingcheng Banquet
Who would dare to do that?
Disturb the ivy
It's a capital crime.
Dangchan
Sister, don't worry
He's not just that
He also forged invitations
Under the guise of you
Talk nonsense here
An insult to the Qing army
I am responsible for you.
What are you doing?
How can this kid have such a fake request?
The car is from you.
Is this the evidence?
This invitation
It was indeed from me.